RIF Enveloping integration guide (#13)
mortelli/devportal: guides/rif-enveloping/integrate.md

  - [**Using a Relay Provider**](#using-a-relay-provider)
  - [**Using Enveloping as a library**](#using-enveloping-as-a-library)

## Introduction

There are multiple ways to integrate Enveloping into a system. These will be detailed down below.

Additionally, it's important to note that not _all_ of the Enveloping components are needed for a successful integration, as explained in the following section.

## Requirements

### Enveloping Smart Contracts

These need to be deployed and their addresses known. For steps on how to do this, please refer to the [Deploy contracts locally section](/guides/rif-enveloping/install/#deploy-contracts-locally) of the Installation guide.

Once deployed, you'll only need the RSK node to be running.

### Relay Server

The Relay Server is the off-chain component in charge of receiving transactions and sending them to the on-chain component, which is a Relay Manager. The Manager owns Relay Worker accounts with funds in native coin. To relay a transaction, a Worker signs it and sends it to the Relay Hub paying for the gas consumed. For more details on this, please refer to the [Architecture page](/rif/enveloping/architecture/).

> Users can interact with the Relay Server directly or indirectly. For the latter, a user can communicate with a Relay Server through a Relay Client. A Relay Client knows the addresses of different Relay Managers and it sends the on-chain request to the most active one. The Relay Client then sends the transaction to be sponsored to the Relay Server via HTTP request.

Author: thanks. took the "manager" term out of this paragraph, since it really should have been "server" :+1:

#### Custom worker replenish function

Each relayed transaction is signed by a Relay Worker account. The worker accounts are controlled by the Relay Manager. When a relay worker signs and relays a transaction, the cost for that transaction is paid using the funds in that worker's account. If the transaction is not subsidized, then the worker is compensated with tokens.

Worker accounts must always have some minimum balance to pay gas for the transaction. These balances can be managed by implementing a replenishment strategy. The Relay Manager can use the strategy to top off a relay worker's account when the balance gets too low.

We provide a default implementation for a replenishment strategy.  Enveloping solution integrators can implement their own replenish strategy.

To implement and use your own replenish strategy:

1. In the folder `src/relayserver`, open `ReplenishFunction.ts` with a text editor.
2. On the function `replenishStrategy` write your new replenish strategy.
3. Re build the project `yarn && yarn prepare`
4. Add the command `--customReplenish` when running a Relay Server or change the config json file to set `customReplenish` on true.

### Using a Relay Provider

> Another option is to use Enveloping through a Relay Provider. The latter wraps web3, and then all transactions and calls are made through the Relay Provider. If a Relay Client is not provided then the Relay Provider creates an instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option is to use Enveloping through a Relay Provider. A Relay Provider is a web3 provider and all transactions and calls are handled through it. The Relay Provider uses a Relay Client instance underground to interact with the Relay Server.
```
